Stopping Penalties When Stackmat is not in use (#52)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

        - H1a3) Before the attempt, the scrambled puzzles must be placed on the table in an arbitrary orientation while ensuring they remain completely covered. The puzzles should be arranged in a shape as square as possible (e.g. 8 puzzles should be arranged in 2 rows with 3 puzzles and 1 row with 2 puzzles).
    - H1b) If a competitor is attempting fewer than 6 puzzles, they are allotted a time limit of 10 minutes times the number of puzzles in the attempt, else the time limit is 60 minutes.
        - H1b1) The competitor may signal the end of the solve at any time. If and when the time limit is reached, the judge stops the attempt and the attempt is then scored; the time limit for the attempt counts as the original recorded time.

>         - H1b2) If the time limit is reached while the competitor is holding a puzzle, the competitor must immediately place the puzzle on the table without applying additional moves. If additional moves are applied, the puzzle must be considered unsolved. If the puzzle is solved and no additional moves were applied after the time limit, no penalties are given for that puzzle.

Author: ```suggestion
        - H1b2) If the time limit is reached while the competitor is holding a puzzle, the competitor must immediately place the puzzle on the table without applying additional moves. If additional moves are applied or the competitor does not immediately place the puzzle down, the puzzle must be considered unsolved. If the puzzle is solved and no additional moves were applied after the time limit, a time penalty (+2 seconds) is assigned instead.
```
